hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2003 film X to the second
x-men film there are several x-men films
some taking place before in some taking
place after the events of this film but
I will release the summaries in order
that they were released to theaters the
summary does rely in part that you've
seen the previous film if you'd like to
see a summary check out the link below
the film opens at the White House with a
brainwashed teleporting mutant named
Nightcrawler trying to assassinate the
president Nightcrawler fails and escapes
leaving a note saying mutant freedom now
Nightcrawler is then tracked down and
captured by storm and Jean Grey Xavier
and Cyclops go to visit magneto in his
plastic prison to ask him about his
involvement in the assassination attempt
Xavier finds out that a government
operative named William Stryker has been
extracting information from magneto
using an injectable drug Stryker and his
assistant captures Cyclops and Xavier
and raid Xavier school Wolverine
Colossus rogue Iceman pyro
and most of the students are able to
escape through hidden tunnels wolverine
confronts Stryker as he knows that
Stryker is involved in Wolverines
complex past Iceman helps Wolverine
escape and strikers men are able to make
their way into Xavier zhh mutant
tracking machine cerebro and steal some
of the technology using her
shape-shifting abilities mystique is
able to find Magneto's prison and helps
him escape the x-men that escaped
hideout at ice man's parents house but
the police are contacted and soon the
military arrives as they are flying away
they are attacked by fighter jets but
magneto prevents their plane from
crashing the x-men team up with Magneto
and mystique to take down Stryker
magneto reveals then that the attack on
the president at the beginning of the
film was a false flag attack
orchestrated by Stryker to justify
raiding and go save your school in order
to steal the parts from cerebro to build
a second one at strikers secret base
at the base it has revealed that even
though striker seems to hate mutants he
in fact has a mutant son with the
ability to create hallucinations and
trick people into doing his bidding
striker has his son control Xavier to
begin to use the second cerebro to find
and try to kill all of the mutants the
x-men arrive and begin to search for the
captured students they are attacked by a
brainwash Cyclops while trying to rescue
Xavier which damages the generators at
the dam causing it to begin to break
apart eventually Jean Grey is able to
awaken Cyclops from his brainwashed
state Wolverine fine striker where he
starts to remember some of his past
remembering that he was injected by
Stryker with his metal skeleton and it
was only through his healing abilities
that he was able to survive the
incredibly painful process this whole
backstory is discussed much further in
the Wolverine film which I will be doing
a spoiler for at some point
Wolverine battles strikers assistant who
has similar metal claws and healing
abilities but Wolverine is able to
defeat and kill her
Stryker tries to bargain with Wolverine
offering to tell Wolverine his pass the
Wolverine refuses and buying Stryker in
Chains the x-men locate the captured
students and Magneto is able to stop
strikers son from killing all the
mutants mystique then disguises herself
as Stryker convincing Stryker son to
control Xavier to kill all the humans
instead of the mutants and mystique
magneto and pyro escape Nightcrawler and
storm are able however to stop Stryker
son and free Xavier preventing the
humans from being killed the x-men board
their ex jet as the dam burst
killing Stryker however the x-jet
malfunctions preventing it from taking
off Jean Grey sacrifices herself using a
telekinetic wall to shield the axe jet
from the flood she is able to activate
the X Jets engines as the water
overtakes her presumably killing her the
x-men give the president strikers files
and Xavier warns the president that
humans and mutants must work together to
build peace as the film ends a Phoenix
like symbol appears in the lake that
flooded implying Jean survived and
leaving hints
the next film so that was the spoilers
4x2 if you have another film you'd like
to see me spoil please let me know in
the comments below check out movie
spoiler alerts on the various forms of
social media listed below and remember
to like and subscribe thanks for
watching